feat: added `Get/Set Environment` on `Scope` (#5772)
getsentry/sentry-java: CHANGELOG.md

> - Prevent concurrent PixelCopy access during Session Replay masking and bitmap cleanup ([#5808](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5808))
> - Release `MediaMuxer` when the replay video encoder fails to start to avoid a resource leak ([#5607](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5607))
> 
> ### Features
> 
> - Added `Environment` to the `Scope`, allowing you to overwrite the `Environment` set on the options ([#5772](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5772))
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Features

- Added `Environment` to the `Scope`, allowing you to overwrite the `Environment` set on the options ([#5772](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5772))

### Improvements

- Skip building Android manifest metadata debug log messages when debug logging is disabled, reducing allocations during SDK init ([#5790](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5790))

### Fixes

- Prevent concurrent PixelCopy access during Session Replay masking and bitmap cleanup ([#5808](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5808))
- Release `MediaMuxer` when the replay video encoder fails to start to avoid a resource leak ([#5607](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5607))

```

Reviewer: I think i'd reorder it to the top
